# Analysis-Covid19-R

The coronavirus disease has greatly impacted the lifestyle of human beings all over the globe in 2020. The outbreak started in Wuhan, China in December of 2019, and the virus is known as COVID-19. In March 2020, COVID-19 was declared as a pandemic by the World Health Organization (WHO). As researchers all around the world are racing to develop a vaccine for COVID-19, there are some studies that intrigued us. Researchers of Hydroxychloroquine, which is a drug used to treat malaria, have expressed previous parasitic viral infections (mainly malaria) can reduce the symptoms of COVID-19. A similar research also shows a correlation between Chloroquine, which is a stronger drug used to treat parasitic viruses and other auto-immune diseases, and the SARS virus, which also belongs to the coronavirus family. Those previous studies have motivated us to explore several findings in the datasets of COVID-19 and malaria cases.

This study is divided into two parts. For the first part, we will break down the statistics of COVID-19 to evaluate how the factors contribute to the COVID-19 result of each country. The factors include government stringency, population, age, gdp, health conditions, health care facilities, citizen’s life expectancy, and human development index (hdi). The second part is to study whether the prevalence of malaria impacts COVID-19 results. These findings may be useful in terms of slowing the spread of COVID-19, and strategically prioritizing the distributions of COVID-19 vaccine.
